update reviewersguide.rst on test_dependencies (#212)
MDAnalysis/MDAKits: docs/source/reviewersguide.rst

``test_dependencies``: a list of commands for installing any dependencies required by the MDAKit’s tests.
This is a *list of strings* (*AUTOMATIC CHECK*).

> Note that ``mamba env update --file FILENAME`` should _not_ be used here as it effectively overwrite the 
> base mamba environment and one ends up with a conda environment without the base mdakit dependencies. 
> Only simple ``mamba install``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *note* : care should be taken to to override the underlying ``mamba`` environment. For example, this should _not_ attempt to do a ``mamba env update`` call as it will overwrite the base mamba environment and one ends up with a conda environment without the base mdakit dependencies.  
```
